Together for our patients | Specialist partners | Pulmo Care Company back Company Pulmo Care has been developing and distributing medical technology for 40 years. Ventilation is our field of expertise. Ventilation is not only about supporting breathing - it’s about saving lives, maintaining health, and simplifying care. That is our motivation. And our point.&nbsp; With people in mind. WE ARE LÖWENSTEIN. About us Our values Manufacturer & service provider Quality management Sustainability Compliance TOGETHER INTO THE FUTURE Job openings Pulmo Care India Professionals back Professionals Our mission is to enhance our patients’ quality of life. To achieve this, we foster strong partnerships and carefully choose our specialist dealers and suppliers. Providing training and support for users is equally important to us. Together, we prioritize and ensure our patients’ safety. SERVICE Purchasing and specialist dealer Supplier form Academy Products back Products Diagnostics. Hospital. Homecare.&nbsp; From diagnosis and hospital care to support in the patient’s home, we stand by our patients every step of the way. We provide guidance to hospitals and medical professionals, ensuring that our products remain at the forefront of innovation. THEMATIC FOCUSES Masks Masks Product overview Full face masks Products LENA CARA Full Face JOYCEone Full Face JOYCEeasy Full Face JOYCEeasy next Full Face Nasal masks Products JULIA CARA JOYCEone JOYCEeasy Clinic masks Products JOYCEclinic Full Face Ventura Total Face Nasal cannulas Products LM Flo 2 Sleep apnea therapy Sleep apnea therapy Product overview CPAP and APAP devices Products prisma SOFT prisma SMART prisma SOFT plus & max prisma SMART plus & max prisma20C prisma20A BiLevel-S and -ST devices Products prisma25S prisma25S-C prisma25ST prisma30ST ASV and titration devices Products prismaCR prismaLAB Humidifier sleep apnea therapy Products prismaAQUA Sleep apnea therapy software Products prisma APP prisma CLOUD prisma JOURNAL prismaTS Ventilation Ventilation Product overview Ventilators Products LUISA prisma VENT30-C prisma VENT40 prisma VENT50/50-C Humidifier ventilation Products prismaAQUA AIRniva AIRcon Gen2 Ventilation software Products LUISA App prisma CLOUD prismaTS Secretion management Secretion management Product overview Mechanical insufflator-exsufflator Products CARO Intensive care ventilation Intensive care ventilation Product overview Intensive care ventilators Products elisa 300 elisa 500 elisa 600 elisa 800 elisa 800 R-VIT Humidifier intensive care ventilation Products AIRcon Gen2 Intensive care ventilation accessories Products PesoCath Anesthesia Anesthesia Product overview Anesthesia devices Products LEON plus edition Leon plus Leon mri Leon Disposable absorber Products Leonsorb Premium Leonsorb Plus Neonatology Neonatology Product overview Neonatal ventilators Products LEONI 4 Leoni plus Leoni plus Transport WILAflow Elite NeoJet system Phototherapy Products bilibluelight Thermotherapy Products Lifetherm 2002/2003 Lifetherm 2000 Isotherm Sleep diagnostics Sleep diagnostics Product overview Polygraphy devices Products Samoa Samoa lite Scala Polysomnography devices Products Sonata News back News Pulmo Care Innovations: Discover the latest articles, insights on ventilation, and updates on current events in our company magazine. We've gathered the most essential information for you. SERVICE Company magazine Events ARTICLES FROM LÖWENSTEIN Sonata polysomnography system expanded. CO₂ footprint in home ventilation. Unique Device Identifikation (UDI) Downloads Safety information Safety information Global Website SEARCH Professionals Together for our patients. Flexibility and delivery reliability in purchasing and retail. Our aim is to improve the quality of life of our patients. To achieve this, we rely on our specialist dealers and suppliers. When choosing our suppliers, we pay attention to a human corporate philosophy and shared values, such as sustainability, high quality standards and innovative spirit. In addition, our partners should be characterized by established and practiced safety and quality management, as well as delivery and contract loyalty. In order to make our products accessible to as many people as possible, we are constantly on the lookout for specialist dealers. We rely on long-standing and trusting business relationships, short and direct communication channels and fast deliveries. The success of our medical devices is closely connected to their quality. It is directly related to our aim of meeting the constantly increasing technological requirements of our customers. Supplier application. Our goal is to provide high quality products to our patients. To achieve this, we require reliable and efficient suppliers in the homecare sector. Are you interested in working with Pulmo Care Technology, Hamburg? Then use our application form for suppliers. Go to supplier application Supplier portal Are you a supplier to Pulmo Care Technology? Then use our supplier portal! There you will find all the important information and documents you need for smooth cooperation—from data on your delivered items to order overviews and demand forecasts for managing your production, right through to the option of placing your own orders.&nbsp; To the supplier portal Customer portal Are you a Pulmo Care Technology sales partner based in India? Then take advantage of the service offered by our customer portal! There you will find a wealth of important information—from price lists and service and repair manuals to firmware and software downloads. You also have the option of requesting replacement parts for warranty repairs directly.&nbsp; To the customer portal Service area for suppliers. All important documents at a glance. Supplier manual LMT (573 KB) Form for returns and repairs LMT (535 KB) General Terms and Conditions of Purchase of Pulmo Care Technology GmbH + Co.KG (177 KB) Information on our returns and complaints service, our general terms and conditions of purchase and our supplier manual can be found here. Futher Downloads Training and service are very important for us. We place great value on training and support for users. Choose the most convenient way for you at the Pulmo Care Academy: E-learning, self-paced online courses, web-based training or classroom training throughout India. Our Knowledge Base serves as a library for manuals, instructions for use, scripts, videos, tutorials and much more. Go to Löwensten Academy We are happy to assist you. Please contact us with any questions or feedback you may have. Contact us. Contact us Pulmo Care SE &amp; Co. KG #85, 20th Main Rd, 1st N Block Rajajinagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560010 India +91 9343444428 +49 2603 9600-50 enquiry@pulmocare.in Emergency numbers Homecare +49 800 10021-20 Hospital +49 800 960020-5 Diagnostics +49 800 960020-4 &nbsp; Remote support tool Diagnostics &nbsp; Legal Notice Privacy Policy GTCs Sitemap Change data privacy settings Please note that the product range may vary from country to country. &copy;&nbsp;2026&nbsp;Pulmo Care E-Mail: enquiry@pulmocare.in Phone: +91 9343444428 Choose a country América Latina español português Australia Belgien / België / Belgique deutsch français op Nederlands 中國 Deutschland España France Italia 대한민국 Nederland Österreich Portugal Россия Schweiz / Suisse deutsch français Türkiye United Kingdom