Privacy Policy | Pulmo Care Company back Company Pulmo Care has been developing and distributing medical technology for 40 years. Ventilation is our field of expertise. Ventilation is not only about supporting breathing - it’s about saving lives, maintaining health, and simplifying care. That is our motivation. And our point.&nbsp; With people in mind. WE ARE LÖWENSTEIN. About us Our values Manufacturer & service provider Quality management Sustainability Compliance TOGETHER INTO THE FUTURE Job openings Pulmo Care India Professionals back Professionals Our mission is to enhance our patients’ quality of life. To achieve this, we foster strong partnerships and carefully choose our specialist dealers and suppliers. Providing training and support for users is equally important to us. Together, we prioritize and ensure our patients’ safety. SERVICE Purchasing and specialist dealer Supplier form Academy Products back Products Diagnostics. Hospital. Homecare.&nbsp; From diagnosis and hospital care to support in the patient’s home, we stand by our patients every step of the way. We provide guidance to hospitals and medical professionals, ensuring that our products remain at the forefront of innovation. THEMATIC FOCUSES Masks Masks Product overview Full face masks Products LENA CARA Full Face JOYCEone Full Face JOYCEeasy Full Face JOYCEeasy next Full Face Nasal masks Products JULIA CARA JOYCEone JOYCEeasy Clinic masks Products JOYCEclinic Full Face Ventura Total Face Nasal cannulas Products LM Flo 2 Sleep apnea therapy Sleep apnea therapy Product overview CPAP and APAP devices Products prisma SOFT prisma SMART prisma SOFT plus & max prisma SMART plus & max prisma20C prisma20A BiLevel-S and -ST devices Products prisma25S prisma25S-C prisma25ST prisma30ST ASV and titration devices Products prismaCR prismaLAB Humidifier sleep apnea therapy Products prismaAQUA Sleep apnea therapy software Products prisma APP prisma CLOUD prisma JOURNAL prismaTS Ventilation Ventilation Product overview Ventilators Products LUISA prisma VENT30-C prisma VENT40 prisma VENT50/50-C Humidifier ventilation Products prismaAQUA AIRniva AIRcon Gen2 Ventilation software Products LUISA App prisma CLOUD prismaTS Secretion management Secretion management Product overview Mechanical insufflator-exsufflator Products CARO Intensive care ventilation Intensive care ventilation Product overview Intensive care ventilators Products elisa 300 elisa 500 elisa 600 elisa 800 elisa 800 R-VIT Humidifier intensive care ventilation Products AIRcon Gen2 Intensive care ventilation accessories Products PesoCath Anesthesia Anesthesia Product overview Anesthesia devices Products LEON plus edition Leon plus Leon mri Leon Disposable absorber Products Leonsorb Premium Leonsorb Plus Neonatology Neonatology Product overview Neonatal ventilators Products LEONI 4 Leoni plus Leoni plus Transport WILAflow Elite NeoJet system Phototherapy Products bilibluelight Thermotherapy Products Lifetherm 2002/2003 Lifetherm 2000 Isotherm Sleep diagnostics Sleep diagnostics Product overview Polygraphy devices Products Samoa Samoa lite Scala Polysomnography devices Products Sonata News back News Pulmo Care Innovations: Discover the latest articles, insights on ventilation, and updates on current events in our company magazine. We've gathered the most essential information for you. SERVICE Company magazine Events ARTICLES FROM LÖWENSTEIN Sonata polysomnography system expanded. CO₂ footprint in home ventilation. Unique Device Identifikation (UDI) Downloads Safety information Safety information Global Website SEARCH Data Privacy Policy. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. When you visit our website, personal data ("data") is processed by you. Below we would like to inform you about these processing operations. 1. Controller The controller within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 of the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as GDPR) is: Pulmo Care SE &amp; Co. KG #85, 20th Main Rd, 1st N Block Rajajinagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560010, India Phone: +49 (0) 2603 9600 0 eMail:&nbsp; enquiry@pulmocare.in 2. Data Protection Contact For further information, please refer to the country page relevant for you. 3. Cookies We use so-called "cookies" on our website.&nbsp; Cookies are text files that are stored on your computer, for example, to enable convenient use or to recognize the end user's device and save settings. Entries can be saved in these cookies so that they do not have to be re-entered when you visit the site again. You can restrict or completely prevent the setting of cookies through your browser settings. Likewise, the automated deletion of cookies can be set in your browser. By preventing the setting of technically necessary cookies, the website may not be displayed or may not be displayed correctly. You can find more information about the individual cookies or processing procedures, as well as the cookie banner, here . Right of withdrawal: If you have given consent for a processing operation, you can withdraw this consent at any time and without giving reasons via the cookie banner. 4. Processing operations on this website In the following section we inform you about the individual processing procedures on our website. a) Log-Files When you visit our website, a connection to the hosting server is required so that you can call up the website. This technically requires the transmission of your IP address. During your visit, our hosting provider Timme Hosting GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Ovelgönner Weg 43, 21335 Lüneburg, India, creates so-called server log files. The following personal data is processed: your IP address; referrer (page from whose link you arrived at this website), search terms (for search engines as referrer); browser, operating system, installed plug-ins and screen resolution; time spent on the pages. The processing of server log files is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, our legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest is to address a broad audience with our website and to protect our website. The server log files are processed for the following purposes: maintaining system integrity (e.g. protection against attacks, protection against overloads so-called DDOS attacks); ensuring a smooth connection of the Internet presence; ensuring a comfortable use of our Internet presence; evaluation of system security and stability; and for other administrative purposes. The server log files are deleted as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose, but at the latest after 30 days. If illegal use of our systems is detected, the data will be stored for a correspondingly longer period. You are neither legally nor contractually obligated to provide your personal data. If you do not provide your personal data, you will not be able to access this website. b) Contact form / contact us For questions of any kind, we offer you the possibility to contact us via a form provided on the website, by phone or by email. The contact form allows you to make a preselection so that we can categorize you correctly to make the contact efficient. When you use the contact form, the processing of your personal data is based on the category you specify. Accordingly, we process the following data from you: Patient Mandatory information: first name last name email adress your massage Optional information:&nbsp; salutation title date of birth patient no. phone adress county Professionals&nbsp; Mandatory information:&nbsp; first name surname email adress your message&nbsp; Oprtional information:&nbsp; salutation title phone company/hospital position department address country Specialist dealer Mandatory information:&nbsp; company name first name of the contact person last name of the contact person email-adress of the contact person your message&nbsp; Optional information: customer number company address company country salutation title phone position department&nbsp; In addition, we also process the following data for technical reasons: IP-Address; time stamp. If you contact us by telephone, we process the following personal data: your phone number. When you contact us by e-mail, we process the following per-sonal data: Your email address. The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, our legitimate interest is to enable you to communicate with us. If you make business inquiries via the contact form, we process your data on the basis of the implementation of pre-contractual measures in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR. The legal basis covers the transfer of your data to a company within the Pulmo Care Group, if this is necessary for correspondence. We store your data for as long as is necessary to answer your inquiry. Your IP address as well as the time stamp will be deleted immediately after sending the contact request. You are neither legally nor contractually obligated to provide your personal data. If you do not provide your personal data, it will not be possible to contact you via the contact form. c) Web analysis using Matomo We use the software "Matomo" (www.matomo.org) on this website, an open source software for statistical analysis of visitor access. The software sets a cookie (a text file) on your computer, which allows an analysis of the use of our website. The following data is processed: IP address of the user, shortened by the last two bytes; the sub-page called up and the time of the call; the page from which the user accessed our website (referrer); which browser with which plug-ins, which operating system and which screen resolution are used; time spent on the website; pages visited from the sub-page accessed; campaign tracking. The data collected with Matomo is stored on our own servers. It is not passed on to third parties. The legal basis on which we process personal data using Matomo is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a) of the GDPR, which you can give in the cookie banner. Matomo is used exclusively with your consent and for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and its content. In this way, we learn how the website is used and can thus constantly optimize our offer. The data will never be used to personally identify the user of the website and will not be merged with other data. Personal data such as the IP address is anonymized in Matomo immediately after it arrives and is evaluated by zeroing out the last 2 triplets. No storage of personal data takes place. The data is deleted when it is no longer needed for our purposes. For more information on retention periods, please see the cookie banner . You are neither legally nor contractually obligated to provide your personal data. If you do not provide your personal data, this will have no effect. d) Mapbox On our website, we use the Mapbox API of Mapbox Inc, 740 15th Street NW 5th Floor, Washington, DC 20005, USA (hereinafter "Mapbox"). Mapbox is an online mapping tool that is accessed via an interface (API). We used the Mapbox API to display the interactive maps. In the process, the following personal data is processed: identifiers (randomly generated billing ID, session ID &amp; feedback ID if applicable, and IP address); commercial information: application ID, Mapbox customer's ac-count ID, Mapbox product name / version; internet or other electronic network activity: Timestamp of data elements received and the fact that an end user leaves a particular navigation route or uses an alternative navigation route; geolocation: e.g., latitude, longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy (an IP address is not associated with such location data and the session ID is deleted within 24 hours); connectivity and device data: Device model and browser information, operating system, and content of an API or SDK request. By using this tool, among other things, your IP address is transmitted to Mapbox. The collected data is stored and processed on servers of the Mapbox company. For security reasons, your IP address is stored for 30 days and then deleted. Randomly generated IDs (no personal data) that analyze the use of the APIs are deleted after 36 months. The use is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in ensuring the best possible online presence. If a corresponding consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR and § 25 Para. 1 TDDDG (germand law: Data Protection and Privacy in Telecommunications and Telemedia Act), insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) as defined by the TDDDG. The consent can be revoked at any time. If you would like to learn more about the data processing by Mapbox, you can find the privacy policy of the company Mapbox here: www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy . The third country transfer is based on the standard contractual clauses concluded with the provider. You are neither legally nor contractually obliged to provide your personal data. If you do not provide your personal data, you will not be able to use the function. e) Friendly Captcha In certain cases, we use the "Friendly Captcha" service of the company Friendly Captcha GmbH (Am Anger 3-5, 82237 Woerthsee, India, hereinafter "Friendly Captcha") on the basis of Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR (legitimate interest) to ensure sufficient data security when submitting forms. This serves primarily to distinguish whether the input is made by a natural person or abusively by machine and automated processing. The following information is processed:&nbsp; hash value (one-way encryption) of the incoming IP address (the IP address is discarded, only the hash value is stored); HTTP request header data, especially user agent, origin and referrer; date/time of the request; version of the widget used; number of requests from the (hashed) IP address per time period; answer of the calculation task solved by the visitor's computer. IP addresses are only stored in hashed (one-way encrypted) form and do not allow us and Friendly Captcha to draw any conclusions about an individual person. If personal data is collected, it will be deleted after 30 days at the latest. Friendly Captcha does not set or read any cookies on the end device of the visitor. The data is used exclusively to protect against spam and bots as described above.&nbsp; Your data will be deleted immediately after the purpose has been achieved. For more information on the use of Friendly Captcha and the retention periods, please visit https://friendlycaptcha.com/legal/privacy-end-users/ .&nbsp; You are neither legally nor contractually obligated to provide your personal data. If you do not provide your personal data, you will not be able to send your contact request. f) meddevo We use the “meddevo” service provided by meddevo GmbH, Fulda (hereinafter referred to as “meddevo”) on our website. We have entered into a data processing agreement with 