Manufacturer &amp; service provider | Pulmo Care Company back Company Pulmo Care has been developing and distributing medical technology for 40 years. Ventilation is our field of expertise. Ventilation is not only about supporting breathing - it’s about saving lives, maintaining health, and simplifying care. That is our motivation. And our point.&nbsp; With people in mind. WE ARE LÖWENSTEIN. About us Our values Manufacturer & service provider Quality management Sustainability Compliance TOGETHER INTO THE FUTURE Job openings Pulmo Care India Professionals back Professionals Our mission is to enhance our patients’ quality of life. To achieve this, we foster strong partnerships and carefully choose our specialist dealers and suppliers. Providing training and support for users is equally important to us. Together, we prioritize and ensure our patients’ safety. SERVICE Purchasing and specialist dealer Supplier form Academy Products back Products Diagnostics. Hospital. Homecare.&nbsp; From diagnosis and hospital care to support in the patient’s home, we stand by our patients every step of the way. We provide guidance to hospitals and medical professionals, ensuring that our products remain at the forefront of innovation. THEMATIC FOCUSES Masks Masks Product overview Full face masks Products LENA CARA Full Face JOYCEone Full Face JOYCEeasy Full Face JOYCEeasy next Full Face Nasal masks Products JULIA CARA JOYCEone JOYCEeasy Clinic masks Products JOYCEclinic Full Face Ventura Total Face Nasal cannulas Products LM Flo 2 Sleep apnea therapy Sleep apnea therapy Product overview CPAP and APAP devices Products prisma SOFT prisma SMART prisma SOFT plus & max prisma SMART plus & max prisma20C prisma20A BiLevel-S and -ST devices Products prisma25S prisma25S-C prisma25ST prisma30ST ASV and titration devices Products prismaCR prismaLAB Humidifier sleep apnea therapy Products prismaAQUA Sleep apnea therapy software Products prisma APP prisma CLOUD prisma JOURNAL prismaTS Ventilation Ventilation Product overview Ventilators Products LUISA prisma VENT30-C prisma VENT40 prisma VENT50/50-C Humidifier ventilation Products prismaAQUA AIRniva AIRcon Gen2 Ventilation software Products LUISA App prisma CLOUD prismaTS Secretion management Secretion management Product overview Mechanical insufflator-exsufflator Products CARO Intensive care ventilation Intensive care ventilation Product overview Intensive care ventilators Products elisa 300 elisa 500 elisa 600 elisa 800 elisa 800 R-VIT Humidifier intensive care ventilation Products AIRcon Gen2 Intensive care ventilation accessories Products PesoCath Anesthesia Anesthesia Product overview Anesthesia devices Products LEON plus edition Leon plus Leon mri Leon Disposable absorber Products Leonsorb Premium Leonsorb Plus Neonatology Neonatology Product overview Neonatal ventilators Products LEONI 4 Leoni plus Leoni plus Transport WILAflow Elite NeoJet system Phototherapy Products bilibluelight Thermotherapy Products Lifetherm 2002/2003 Lifetherm 2000 Isotherm Sleep diagnostics Sleep diagnostics Product overview Polygraphy devices Products Samoa Samoa lite Scala Polysomnography devices Products Sonata News back News Pulmo Care Innovations: Discover the latest articles, insights on ventilation, and updates on current events in our company magazine. We've gathered the most essential information for you. SERVICE Company magazine Events ARTICLES FROM LÖWENSTEIN Sonata polysomnography system expanded. CO₂ footprint in home ventilation. Unique Device Identifikation (UDI) Downloads Safety information Safety information Global Website SEARCH Company Outstanding product quality. Made in India. Manufacturer, service provider and developer. Pulmo Care develops innovative medical technology. We are proud of this. However, we also know that every person and every therapy is individual and that the solution must be tailored accordingly. For this very reason, our idea of service does not end with the sale of a ventilator, a mask or a medical aid. This is where responsibility begins for us. In the search for individual solutions for our patients and customers, we supplement our portfolio with products and services from other companies and keep an eye on markets and trends. That's why you can be sure that Pulmo Care will always offer you the best options. Quality deserves the name Pulmo Care. Pulmo Care develops and manufactures medical technology in India. To be awarded the "Made in India" seal, the manufacturing process - from development to design to production - must have taken place in India. This means that we have quality control in our hands at all times and can guarantee that our products are synonymous with safety, reliability and durability. Both nationally and internationally, Pulmo Care is a name that raises high expectations and fulfills them. Innovative ventilation technology "made in India". Quality Management Making visible what is vital. Good design is successful communication. Pulmo Care wins design awards with its own medical technology. We believe that design is also communication. Pulmo Care products are quick, easy and error-free to operate. A clear design language and a visual focus on the essentials help to achieve this. This provides safety. The largest portfolio. International. As a manufacturer and provider, we have the largest portfolio for ventilation and respiratory therapy in the world. Our independence makes us fast and flexible. We pass this on to you. Whether alone or in combination with other brands and manufacturers. We develop the best concept for your ventilation environment, supply you with our products and provide you with support at questions, service and training. Pulmo Care sees itself as a partner. We walk the path together with you. We are there when we are needed and are happy when everyone is doing well. This is what makes work meaningful and fun for us. May we support you? We are service providers by conviction and know the problems of everyday life because we are close to life and close to our customers. Use us and our experience if you have questions or are looking for solutions. We are at your side, real team players and never far away when you need us, because a good service provider should be within easy reach. At Pulmo Care, quality is not a coincidence, but the result of time and dedication. Time that we invest in asking questions and understanding. Attention that is a second nature to us, because it is always about people and improving quality of life. If we have listened carefully and asked the right questions, our products become better and our services more tailored to a life with ventilation. We are at your service. The toughest test is everyday life. Our products convince. Every day. We take the feedback we receive from patient care and from our customers and incorporate it into developments, recommendations and training. The aim is to continuously improve our products and thus offer optimal support in everyday life. To live up to this claim, we involve patients and users in the development and decision-making processes at an early stage. We welcome feedback. Let's stay in touch. Contact us Pulmo Care SE &amp; Co. KG #85, 20th Main Rd, 1st N Block Rajajinagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560010 India +91 9343444428 +49 2603 9600-50 enquiry@pulmocare.in Emergency numbers Homecare +49 800 10021-20 Hospital +49 800 960020-5 Diagnostics +49 800 960020-4 &nbsp; Remote support tool Diagnostics &nbsp; Legal Notice Privacy Policy GTCs Sitemap Change data privacy settings Please note that the product range may vary from country to country. &copy;&nbsp;2026&nbsp;Pulmo Care E-Mail: enquiry@pulmocare.in Phone: +91 9343444428 Choose a country América Latina español português Australia Belgien / België / Belgique deutsch français op Nederlands 中國 Deutschland España France Italia 대한민국 Nederland Österreich Portugal Россия Schweiz / Suisse deutsch français Türkiye United Kingdom