Our values | Pulmo Care Company back Company Pulmo Care has been developing and distributing medical technology for 40 years. Ventilation is our field of expertise. Ventilation is not only about supporting breathing - it’s about saving lives, maintaining health, and simplifying care. That is our motivation. And our point.&nbsp; With people in mind. WE ARE LÖWENSTEIN. About us Our values Manufacturer & service provider Quality management Sustainability Compliance TOGETHER INTO THE FUTURE Job openings Pulmo Care India Professionals back Professionals Our mission is to enhance our patients’ quality of life. To achieve this, we foster strong partnerships and carefully choose our specialist dealers and suppliers. Providing training and support for users is equally important to us. Together, we prioritize and ensure our patients’ safety. SERVICE Purchasing and specialist dealer Supplier form Academy Products back Products Diagnostics. Hospital. Homecare.&nbsp; From diagnosis and hospital care to support in the patient’s home, we stand by our patients every step of the way. We provide guidance to hospitals and medical professionals, ensuring that our products remain at the forefront of innovation. THEMATIC FOCUSES Masks Masks Product overview Full face masks Products LENA CARA Full Face JOYCEone Full Face JOYCEeasy Full Face JOYCEeasy next Full Face Nasal masks Products JULIA CARA JOYCEone JOYCEeasy Clinic masks Products JOYCEclinic Full Face Ventura Total Face Nasal cannulas Products LM Flo 2 Sleep apnea therapy Sleep apnea therapy Product overview CPAP and APAP devices Products prisma SOFT prisma SMART prisma SOFT plus & max prisma SMART plus & max prisma20C prisma20A BiLevel-S and -ST devices Products prisma25S prisma25S-C prisma25ST prisma30ST ASV and titration devices Products prismaCR prismaLAB Humidifier sleep apnea therapy Products prismaAQUA Sleep apnea therapy software Products prisma APP prisma CLOUD prisma JOURNAL prismaTS Ventilation Ventilation Product overview Ventilators Products LUISA prisma VENT30-C prisma VENT40 prisma VENT50/50-C Humidifier ventilation Products prismaAQUA AIRniva AIRcon Gen2 Ventilation software Products LUISA App prisma CLOUD prismaTS Secretion management Secretion management Product overview Mechanical insufflator-exsufflator Products CARO Intensive care ventilation Intensive care ventilation Product overview Intensive care ventilators Products elisa 300 elisa 500 elisa 600 elisa 800 elisa 800 R-VIT Humidifier intensive care ventilation Products AIRcon Gen2 Intensive care ventilation accessories Products PesoCath Anesthesia Anesthesia Product overview Anesthesia devices Products LEON plus edition Leon plus Leon mri Leon Disposable absorber Products Leonsorb Premium Leonsorb Plus Neonatology Neonatology Product overview Neonatal ventilators Products LEONI 4 Leoni plus Leoni plus Transport WILAflow Elite NeoJet system Phototherapy Products bilibluelight Thermotherapy Products Lifetherm 2002/2003 Lifetherm 2000 Isotherm Sleep diagnostics Sleep diagnostics Product overview Polygraphy devices Products Samoa Samoa lite Scala Polysomnography devices Products Sonata News back News Pulmo Care Innovations: Discover the latest articles, insights on ventilation, and updates on current events in our company magazine. We've gathered the most essential information for you. SERVICE Company magazine Events ARTICLES FROM LÖWENSTEIN Sonata polysomnography system expanded. CO₂ footprint in home ventilation. Unique Device Identifikation (UDI) Downloads Safety information Safety information Global Website SEARCH Company Independent. Innovative. Reliable. Identity: Family business. Pulmo Care is a family business. We have stood for continuity and responsibility for 40 years, thinking beyond the present and being an authentic and reliable partner for our customers, patients, and employees: now and into the future. Our independence gives us the strength and freedom to shape and drive forward product development. With state-of-the-art technology and innovation in ventilation and empathy for our patients. Our focus is always on people. Facing the future with confidence. We as a company act quickly, purposefully, and in response to requirements. Synergies arise from our broad and international positioning. Know-how and experience are developed, put into practice, and passed on within the company, resulting in clear benefits to our patients and customers. You have access to a complete and comprehensive product portfolio. Everything is interwoven. Compatibility, long-term service, and investment security are key words for us. Into the future. Our mission. Ventilation is always a major intervention. In the hospital or at home. Whether for a short interval or for a lifetime. If your breathing requires support, when breathing in and out is no longer simply natural and automatic, that’s when we are by your side to take care of you. So that life goes on as it should. We want people who are ventilated to be able to live a life that is as natural and normal as possible. For our innovative ventilation technology to create freedom and room to move, to improve quality of life while remaining simple and uncomplicated, adapting to any situation, accompanying and supporting the rhythm of breathing as naturally as possible. Our vision. Our goals are ambitious. When it comes to our technology, we work to keep improving so that ventilation becomes respiration, the processes hardly differ from one another, and our medical devices fit into our patients’ lives in an increasingly natural, ergonomic, and intelligent manner. Pulmo Care is one of the world's leading suppliers of ventilation technologies for hospital and home use. In both therapy and diagnosis. Because of our commitment to people, we are always available and at the side of our patients and customers. Ambitious goals? Certainly. With people in mind.. It’s what we stand for. Innovation. We are creators. Pulmo Care has the power to define the new. We quickly recognize needs in a changing world, develop and adapt innovative technologies in fields of ventilation. We tailor our services to new living conditions with great flexibility. The independence of a family-owned business guarantees us the freedom to make decisions as we see fit. Reliably better.&nbsp; Passion. We are fighters. The focus is always on our patients‘ lives. We are committed, work a little harder, think too much rather than too little and benefit from our decades of experience in ventilation. All that goes into providing people with the best possible care and ensuring medical professionals the safety of advanced technology while delivering our services smoothly in the background. Consistently caring. Responsibility. We are family. We are “Pulmo Career”. The company’s low staff turnover means that we have worked together for a long time and have developed good relations with our patients and customers. That’s what families do. We are reliable, honest, and loyal as an employer, service provider, and business partner. Consistently reliable. Independence. We are entrepreneurs. Our entrepreneurial independence is our greatest good. Financial independence gives us flexibility. We are independent of individual suppliers, customers, markets, product lines, and business models. “Made in India” is not just a line on a label for us, but a commitment. Backed by a largely German supply chain and managed 100% by company owner. Complete freedom of choice. Rigorously reasonable. We are happy to talk to you. Products from the Pulmo Care family all speak the same language. Transfer and compatibility are guaranteed, and if you need people to discuss issues relating to your device or our service with you, we are always there. And know our way around. Because at Pulmo Care, everything comes from a single source. Creating synergies and minimizing information loss.&nbsp;We take a holistic approach to medical care. We are by your side from diagnosis to treatment. Contact us now Contact us Pulmo Care SE &amp; Co. KG #85, 20th Main Rd, 1st N Block Rajajinagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560010 India +91 9343444428 +49 2603 9600-50 enquiry@pulmocare.in Emergency numbers Homecare +49 800 10021-20 Hospital +49 800 960020-5 Diagnostics +49 800 960020-4 &nbsp; Remote support tool Diagnostics &nbsp; Legal Notice Privacy Policy GTCs Sitemap Change data privacy settings Please note that the product range may vary from country to country. &copy;&nbsp;2026&nbsp;Pulmo Care E-Mail: enquiry@pulmocare.in Phone: +91 9343444428 Choose a country América Latina español português Australia Belgien / België / Belgique deutsch français op Nederlands 中國 Deutschland España France Italia 대한민국 Nederland Österreich Portugal Россия Schweiz / Suisse deutsch français Türkiye United Kingdom